---
layout: post
title: "Day One"
date: 2016-09-13
---

<h2>Day One</h2>
<p><strong>Time Spent at Campus:</strong> 9.5 hours (includes Orientation #1)</p>
<p><strong>Time spent doing homework/working at home:</strong> 3 hours</p>
<p><strong>Panic Level:</strong> 2 out of 6</p>

<p>So, day one - I survived! I mean, I knew I would, but it is still interesting to look back on the first day and digest what all went down.</p>

<p>My biggest takeaway?</p>

<blockquote>Know when to stop, when to put your computer down and do something else.</blockquote>

<p>Our instructor really took the time to talk about how important it was to have guilt-free "play time" and a decent work-life balance, which I really appreciated. Coming into this endeavor, I was worried about coming from a fairly easy working life and wasn't sure if I could keep up with the pace of The Iron Yard. But, unsurprisingly, doing something that interests you and is immensely challenging and rewarding made it seem easy. Sure, my eyes were tired and it took a while for my brain to shut off at 11 pm last night, but I definitely enjoyed the day as a whole.</p>

<p>As I sit here at 6:46am on Day Two, my eyes are a little gritty and my dogs are complaining for a walk...but I'm excited to begin another day with my peers of learning, facing new challenges, and absorbing every little bit I can!</p>

<p>Just a few notes about the top "stats" I've accounted for: I'm going to try to keep track of how long I'm on campus, how much more time I put in at home, and then a reminder of my panic level for each day. The panic level is a number from 1–6 that our TA asks for after each lecture/during lab time to gauge how we're feeling about the day. Yesterday I was a 2 - with 6 being full-on panic mode and 1 being easy, breezy, no problem at all.</p>
